Q.What do you mean by Data Structures?
Ans:-Data Structure can be defined as the group of data elements which provides 
an efficient way of storing and organising data in the computer so that it can be used efficiently.
e.g:-Array, Queue, Stack.

Q.Define The Goals Of Data Structure?
Ans:-It must rich enough in structure to reflect the actual relationship of data in real world.
The Structure should be simple enough for efficient processing of data.

Q.What is the Need of DS
Ans:-We need a proper way of organizing the data 
so that it can accessed efficiently when we need that particular data. DS provides 
different ways of data organization so we have options to store 
the data in different data structures based on the requirement.

Q.List out the areas in which data structures are applied extensively(real time examples)?
Ans:-Sending an e-mail, it will be queued.
Used for plotting graphs, and statistics and also to do scientific studies and research in almost different fields.
Web pages can be accessed using the previous and the next URL links which are linked using a linked list.

Q.List different types of data structures.
Ans:-Array, Linked List, Stack, Queues, Trees, Graph.

Q.Difference between Primitive and Non Primitive DS
Ans:-
Primitive:- boolean, char, byte, short, int, long, float, double.
Non-Primitive:-Array, Stack, Linked List, Queue, Tree, Graph. 

Q.Write down the difference between Linear and Non-linear Data Structure.
Ans:-
Linear Data Structure:-
It is a type of Data Structure where the data elements get linearly or sequentially arranged.
The elements attach themselves to their next and previous adjacents. 
A user can transverse each element through a single run.
e.g.:-stack, array, linked list, queue, etc.

Non-Linear Data Structure:-
It is a form of data structure where the data elements don’t stay arranged linearly or sequentially. 
Since the data structure is non-linear, it does not involve a single level. 
Therefore, a user can’t traverse all of its elements in a single run.
e.g.:-graphs and trees.

Q.Prepare short note on ADT.
Ans:-
An abstract data type is an abstraction of a data structure that 
provides only the interface to which the data structure must adhere. 
The interface does not give any specific details about something should be implemented or in what programming language.
In other words, we can say that abstract data types are the entities 
that are definitions of data and operations but do not have implementation details.
e.g:-a List is an abstract data type that is implemented using a dynamic array and linked list. 
A queue is implemented using linked list-based queue, array-based queue, and stack-based queue. 
A Map is implemented using Tree map, hash map, or hash table.